Update web reports (#273)
DevExpress/dotnet-eud: eud-for-devexpress-reports/reporting-for-web/document-viewer/exporting/csv-specific-export-options.md

legacyId: 115376
---
# CSV Export Options

Before you [export a document](export-a-document.md) to CSV format, you can specify CSV-specific options in the **Export Options** panel.

![Web Document Viewer - CSV Export Options panel](../../images/img121798.png)

* **Encoding**
	
	Specifies the encoding of the exported text file.
* **Text Export Mode**
	
	Specifies whether to use the formatting of data fields in the bound data source for cells in the exported document. If this option is set to **Text**, all data fields are exported to the CSV file as strings with the corresponding formatting embedded into those strings. If the option is set to **Value**, all formatting is lost in the resulting document.
* **Quote Strings with Separators**
	
	Specifies whether to place strings with separators in quotation marks in the exported document.
* **Separator**
	

> 	Specifies a symbol used to separate text elements (comma by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Specifies a symbol used to separate text elements (the default symbol is a comma).
```
